# InModuleScope

## SYNOPSIS
Allows you to execute parts of a test script within the
scope of a PowerShell script module.

## SYNTAX

### Set 1
```
InModuleScope [-ModuleName] <String> [-ScriptBlock] <ScriptBlock> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
By injecting some test code into the scope of a PowerShell
script module, you can use non-exported functions, aliases
and variables inside that module, to perform unit tests on
its internal implementation.

InModuleScope may be used anywhere inside a Pester script,
either inside or outside a Describe block.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
PS C:\\\>
```powershell
# The script module:
```

function PublicFunction
{
    # Does something
}

function PrivateFunction
{
    return $true
}

Export-ModuleMember -Function PublicFunction

# The test script:

Import-Module MyModule

InModuleScope MyModule {
    Describe 'Testing MyModule' {
        It 'Tests the Private function' {
            PrivateFunction \| Should Be $true
        }
    }
}

Normally you would not be able to access "PrivateFunction" from
the PowerShell session, because the module only exported
"PublicFunction".  Using InModuleScope allowed this call to
"PrivateFunction" to work successfully.

## PARAMETERS

### ModuleName
The name of the module into which the test code should be
injected. This module must already be loaded into the current
PowerShell session.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: true
Position: 0
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### ScriptBlock
The code to be executed within the script module.

```yaml
Type: ScriptBlock
Parameter Sets: Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: true
Position: 1
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### <CommonParameters>
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS


*Generated by: PowerShell HelpWriter 2017 v2.1.33*
